Remember that I have told you this: Be strong and do not be afraid. Do not be weak but be brave. I, the Lord your God, will be with you, everywhere that you go.’ - Joshua 1:9
Because of that, take all the help that God gives, like it is your armour. Then, when the bad time comes, you will be able to stand strongly. You will not fall. After you have finished everything, you will still be standing strongly in your place. - Ephesians 6:13
We have many enemies, but we always have friends. People hurt us, but they never destroy us. - 2 Corinthians 4:9
God is a strong place for us, where he will keep us safe. He will always help us when troubles come. - Psalm 46:1
So do not have trouble in your mind about what might happen tomorrow. Tomorrow will have its own problems. It is enough for you to be thinking each day about the problems of that day.’ - Matthew 6:34
Everyone who asks for something will receive it. Everyone who looks for something will find it. God will open the door for everyone who knocks on it. - Matthew 7:8
No! I am telling you to love people that want to hurt you. Do good things to them. Lend things to them and do not want to get them back again. Then God will prepare good things for you. He is kind even to people that do not say “thank you”. He is kind even to very bad people. If you live like this, you will show that you really are children of the powerful God who is over all. - Luke 6:35
At this time there are three things that continue. We continue to trust God. We continue to hope for his good things. We continue to love other people. But the most important of these things is love. - 1 Corinthians 13:13
When you go through deep water, I will be with you. When you cross dangerous rivers, you will not drown. When you walk through fire, it will not burn you. The flames will not destroy you. - Isaiah 43:2
There's nothing God cannot do. - Luke 1:37
But when I am afraid, I will trust in you. - Psalm 56:3
When you pray, do not say the same words many times. People who do not believe in God do that. They use many words that mean nothing. They think that when they pray like that, their gods will hear them. Do not pray like they do. God your Father already knows what you need. He knows this even before you ask him. - Matthew 6:7 - 8
Instead, always remember that Christ is your Lord. Let him rule how you live. People may ask you, ‘Why do you trust God to help you?’ You must always be ready to answer them about that. - 1 Peter 3:15
Remember that I have told you this: Be strong and do not be afraid. Do not be weak but be brave. I, the Lord your God, will be with you, everywhere that you go.’ - Joshua 1:9
So, do the good things for other people that you would want them to do for you. That is true in everything you do. That is what God's Law and the messages of God's prophets teach us. - Matthew 7:12
The Lord, your God, is with you. He is strong. He will save you. He will be very happy about you! He will quietly love you. He will sing, because he is so happy about you! - Zephanaiah 3:17
If we really love God, we will not be afraid of him. We cannot love him completely and also be afraid. We would only be afraid of God if we thought that he would punish us. So, if someone is afraid that God will punish them, it shows that they do not completely know God's love. - 1 John 4:18
During this time now we have great troubles. But I am sure these troubles are not really very great. One day God will show us all the great things he has prepared for us that will make the troubles we have now seem very small. - Romans 8:18
Whatever you are doing, show that God is great. When you eat anything, or you drink anything, do it all in a way that praises God. - 1 Corinthians 10:31
Do not worry about anything. Instead, pray to God about everything. Ask him to help you with the things that you need. And thank him for his help. If you do that, God will give you peace in your minds. That peace is so great that nobody can completely understand it. You will not worry or be afraid, because you belong to Christ Jesus. - Philippians 4:6-7
Yes, I am the Lord, your God. I will hold on to your right hand. I say to you, “Do not be afraid. I will help you.” - Isaiah 41:13
So I realized that people should enjoy the work that they do. That is the best thing for us to do. It is what God has provided for us. I think that is best, because nobody can show us what will finally happen to us. - Ecclesiastes 3:22
The Lord himself goes in front of you. He will always be with you, to help you. He will never leave you. So do not be afraid. Be brave! - Deuteronomy 31:8
So we see this: God still has a place ready for his people, where they can rest. They will rest as God rested on the seventh day - Hebrews 4:9
The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still - Exodus 14:14