How do you start doing things you're scared of? Be more scared of doing nothing forever.
Nobody is looking at you.
No all or nothing behaviour
You can either deal with the pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
If you're going through hell, keep going, why would you stop in hell? - Kumar Haydar
stone sword mentality. - Princezam
An actress who forgets a line can still deliver a memorable performance.
don't be afraid to ask for help and beg for what you want. - cookinglikeag
if you're afraid of something you should question yourself why and run towards it.
don't chase your dreams! humans are persistence predators
instinct is a lie told by a human body hoping to be wrong. when you base your expectations only on what you see, you blind yourself to the possibility of a new reality. - Zaheer, Avatar
stop crucifying yourself !! we could use the wood !!! - RuPaul
if someone followed you around for a week, would they believe you can achieve your goals?
when it seems that doubt is setting in, remember God's track record.
be confident, consistent and disciplined
you can't be a good parent 363 out of 365 days in a year - cookinglikeag
future you needs current you to lock in !! - cookinglikeag
stop pretending to be cool for ppl that dgaf about you or pay your bills - cookinglikeag
"what if they don't like you?" they already don't like you!! - cookinglikeag
stop trying to find yourself and start creating yourself!!!!!
don't take rejections personally
if you're in a group and there's a problem, it's us vs the problem.
don't argue to be correct, it makes you an asshole
being punitive does nothing
you're allowed to be happy before you've fixed everything.
it'll never be as easy as you hope but you will find it is rarely as hard as you fear.
there's is still time. there's still time. until your bones are in the fucking ground there is still time. - mindflamer
the versions of my life i didn't choose are none of my business
if you were lazy, you'd be having fun
the number one reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they've gotten. - Mac Miller
it's all about the CLIIIMMMBB BABBYYY FUUUCKKK (tbh theres always going to be another mountain) - fxnxcky, (pixiecaps)
Is there an opportunity cost to automation, like the nuance of a response or the knowledge gained by that interaction. Will you gain extra knowledge by just.. doing it yourself? - Codecademy
Stay tuned for a slow drift towards what we always wanted interrupted by the constant distraction of what seems easiest - Cecil, WTNV
Art does not thrive in logic
You can fail at what you don't want to do, so you might as well do what you want to do - Mr House
stop playing it cool just be passionate and intense and insane and whoever sticks around is meant for u - @brainsoupp_
i wasn't put on this earth to dilute the love i have to give. - throughmy-eyez
So much of what is "cringe" is just... earnest. - ceasarsaladinn
better to be cringe in someone else's mind than caged in your own.
The best part of being authentic is that there is no image to maintain. You will delight some and disturb others, and none of it will concern the truth of your being. - @SoledadFrancis
our lives are not defined by any one action. our lives are defined by the sum of our actions. - luther, the final reckoning
pray when everything is going exactly your way - @apnaj
rejection is not a verdict, don't turn it into a life sentence - @shejustshan
do not train your mind to hunt for what's wrong with you - @shejustshan
kindness to yourself is not something you earn, it is something you practice - @shejustshan
not being everyone's cup of tea is just part of being someone worth knowing - @shejustshan
take chances, the kind that comes from believing life can actually be good - @shejustshan
say yes to the life you have, to the life you're building and don't forget to say yes to the parts of yourself you've been overlooking because they deserve to be seen too. - @shejustshan
say yes to the people that are ready to love you and stop chasing those who don't, say yes to the rooms that are waiting for you to walk in and leave the ones you don't belong, say yes to the days you threw away. - @shejustshan
if you stay curious, consistent and weird you will genuinely be unstoppable - pharrel
Turns out, life isn't a puzzle that can just be solved one time and it's done. You wake up every day and solve it again - Chidi Anagonye
If you have an idea for a project, it is okay to spend 5% of your capital on it, if it succeeds, you get what you wanted, if it fails, you come out of it with more tools (skills) than what you had before - Hank Green
whatever is normal for you will come easy, so start making the things that are difficult, normal - _aholliday
no one on their deathbed is going to look back and say, "thank god i avoided being cringe" - donald glover
Cold water doesn't get warmer if you nervously wait outside it. Big goals don't get easier to reach if you procrastinate and plan for a bi longer. I n both cases, the solution is to just jump in. It'll be uncomfortable. But after you thrash around for a bit, you'll get used to it. The water doesn't get warmer, you get braver - Charles Miller
Finish something, anything, stop researching, planning and preparing to do work, just do the work. It doesn't matter how good or bad it is. You don't need to light the world on fire with your first try, you just need to prove to yourself that you have what it takes to produce something. - James Clear, Atomic Habits
There are no artists, athletes, entrepreneurs or scientists that produced something great by half finishing their work, stop debating what you should make and just make something. - James Clear, Atomic Habits.
they found it cringe. you found it fun - matthewpuaaa
did you have fun while creating? were you real and authentic and willing to be cringe as fuck in the process of pursuing your calling? and did you do that every day? - matthewpuaaa
delusion = results
when you feel unconfident, count down from 5 to 1 and TAKE ACTION
step into your future self; what would your most confident self do??
reframe failure as feedback. every setback is data that builds success in the future.
track your wins
always be prepared; competence calms your nerves
you have to 'act' like we are that thing to then 'show' ourselves of being that thing. we need to act again and again. because action is more trustworthy than feeling - yashi bhardwaj
show up as though the title belongs to you, constructed and reinforced by repeated action. - yashi bhardwaj
when encountering a negative thought, ask yourself these three things: IS this statement true or false? WHO is telling me this? WHAT would i rather prefer to tell myself?
create like you have nothing to lose
you cant guilt or shame people into action
the moment you let go of perfection is the moment you birth momentum
zero fear of failure and a sense of radical self love will make you unstoppable
bring back not caring about the people clowning you for having fun and enjoying life
"i don't want to get hurt again" is that not the human experience? better to have loved and lost than not love at all.
every single experience, whether good or bad, has shaped you into the human that you are - @smoothyoki_
and those things you fear beyond belief, go do them and be fortified through them - @smoothyoki_
and it always comes back to being afraid to hope for something bigger than yourself
you have to play the game if you want to win
you cant be scared to ask for what you want
i guess my ultimate secret is thinking what im doing is cool regardless of of whether it is or not - toby fox
The world is as big as you want it to be. Where will you go next? - toby fox
My goal is to remind you that you have always been able to go if you just hold the key of asking what's there: what's under the bridge, what's beyond the horizon. - toby fox
The vulnerability of sharing your learning process might actually be what makes it valuable.
a bad day is just 24 hours 
whatever you think you can't do, just know that there is someone who is confidently doing it wrong right now. They have no plans at doing it any better either and people are paying them to do it. Please believe in your own excellence as much as they believe in their own mediocrity - @dangerouswco
discomfort is the price you pay for a fulfilling life
The longer you stay on the wrong train the more expensive it is to go back - Kumar Haydar
dont let anyone who hasnt been in your shoes tell you how to tie your laces - Kumar Haydar
It won't happen overnight but if you quit, it wont happen at all - Kumar Haydar
Accept both criticisms and compliments, because a flower grows in both sun and rain - Kumar Haydar
When people fall in love with someone's flowers and not their roots, they don't know what to do when autumn comes - Kumar Haydar
Close the window that hurts you, no matter how beautiful the view is - Kumar Haydar
What hurts you today is what makes you stronger tomorrow - Kumar Haydar
Change. But start slowly, because direction is more important than speed. - Kumar Haydar
The truth is, wellness without risk is just another form of stagnation. You don’t heal by optimizing your schedule into oblivion—you heal by colliding with life. - Dr Benjamin Koch
To demand universal approval is as impossible, and as foolish, as trying to become a mermaid. [...] I don't need the world to love me, I only need to love myself - Janelle, One Cup of Tea
Our mission is to live without regret
silly you, doing the hard thing and calling it "just getting through."
silly you, still thinking you're behind when you've bloomed so much
silly you, forgetting you've already become someone worthy
The cost of success is embarassment - Ama Amo-Agyei
Working is a dangerous form of procrastination. Creativity is the most difficult thing the human mind has to tackle [....] ... every other chore seems easier and therefore more alluring - Rod Judkins
Perfectionism can be a roadblock to new ideas; it is a full stop, whereas imperfection can lead somewhere unexpected. High standards are worthwhile - they’re about something being as good as it can be. Perfection is about something being free from mistakes and faults. - Rod Judkins
My advice is to always be true to yourself and find a way to sprinkle a little bit of your own personality in every project. - Victoria Constantine
Don’t be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your inner voice. - Steve Jobs
might fuck around and accept the things i can't control today.
you don't have to be extreme, just consistent
everything is a win when the goal is to experience 
sometimes the grass is greener because it's fake
feel the fear and do it anyway
what if it all works out?
it's you vs you. and one of you has to die